Tell the two children that it is Ji Mingyuan
Killed their dad yeah
Boss Si Xiaoxiao hasn't let go yet.
Continue, the people over there in the hospital have sent word back
Say people have let go
Express willingness to cooperate
That's so great!
However, we still have to explain in this time
Prevent further explosion
Thought to continue sending people over there to follow
I have it later. Yes.
Ah!
Ha ha.
Ji Mingyuan
You will be my loser sooner or later
Doctor, where is the guy who just got into the car accident?
Dead Jiaojiao, you can't have anything to love
You can't have anything to love
fine
Fortunately not the enemy
Doctor
Where are the other people in the car accident?
Except for the one who was pushed out after failing to respond to serious injuries
The others are already waiting for their families in the morgue
Claimed